name = savy
tagline = smart savings made easy

about: 
    Saving shouldnt be a problem, having a savingd box is good but a samrt and digital savings box is better 
    create a wallet account with savvy that allows for targeted savings ranging from small goals and and short duration to long term goals 
    with longer duration 
    With savvy saving is fun pick a goal and starts saving, you dont have access to your funds until the duration is over helping you meet up your goals no matter what 
    Having a track of your savings and progress status towards achieving your goals can also be a good idea. 

    competition can make people do better, where there's competition people yearn to do better, we provide you data about other users and their savings progress 
    to help you do better.  

    Emergencies can arise and Savvy is willing to help, you have access to 40% of you savings after the first 1/2 of your savings plan, 
    this enables you tackle your emergencies while retaning a reasonable savnings balance 

    Rent, school fees, land acquisition, car ownership, business start up shouldnt be so difficult especially with the right savings plan, 
    why not start today and and celebrate your acheivements tomorrow

    Saving is comppletely seamless, free and secured, from a list of savings options ranging from card payment, bank deposit, very secured and easy to
    use. 
     
    Widthraw is not completely free, Savvy reserves a small amount of N100 called maintenance charges which is basically used to maintain your e-card 
    for Widthraws. The maintainence fee is only charged upon Widthrawals, and N150 for emergency Widthrawals.

    users can also earn by referals and interest, a referal bonus of N200 and daily interest of 0.01% of your savings,
    interest earning is only applicable to users not on pulse savings.
    
    
    Savings plans 
    1. Pulse  - N500+  1 month
    2. pulse Plus N500 + 2 Month+
    3. Pulse Max  - N1000 2 Moths+

    3. savvy - N2000+ 2months
    4. savvy Max  - N3000 3 Months 
    5. savvy Boss - N3000 6 Months

    6. Flex N3000 9 Months
    7. Flex Smart N5000 9 Months
    8. Flex plus N5000 12 Months 
    9. Flex  N10000 12 Months 
    10. Flex Boss  - N50K 12 10 Months 
    
    
    other benefits
    1. Access to financial education via meetings, videos 
    2. little awards and insentives 
    3. Share progress with others 



    Design structure 
    1. Front End - HTML, CSS, B5, JS-Jquery, (PHP)

    2. PHP,SQL,(mysql server), (py)


    Requirements: 
        1. User Data
            - Full Name 
            - Email
            - Phone Number
            - NIN/BVN 
            - Bank Account 
            - Next of Kin (Back/contact info)
            - Conscent on use data use and privacy policy
            - Geo location 
        2. Web payment gateway
        3. Accounts 
        4. Roles - 
            - Users 
            - Plan Managers 
            - Operational Managers - (all plans)
            - Principals
        5. plans - 
            1. pulse 
            2. Savvy 
            3. flex 

            {user}
        
    

    Site Map :
        index: Home page basically about savvy and getting started
        Accounts  - login to savvy as savvy member
                    simple login process by password phone number or email, 
                    you can also activate login by token which requires 
                    that you must be with your resgistered phone or email 
                    before login with token, also you can activate 2-step verification

                    Create account - new members
                    register by just adding your email and phone number 
                    and referal code if any
                    complete the registration later on dashboard
        About:      just about savvy and her services, plans, videos and testimonies
                    by successful savvy memebers 
        Mobile Contact info:
        user dashboard : Beautiful and very simple to use
                        - Account Settings - all adjustable user data displayed and can be changed
                        - Account balance **
                        - Current Savings plan and due date **
                        - Savings tracker **
                        - Competitive trackler 
                        - Awards and Bonus 
                        - Share my progress 
                        - transactions 
                        - Change savings plan  
                        - Widthraw **
                        - deposit **
                        - referal link 
                        - Sent complaints Mail or Whatsapp  
                        - Request for emergency funds **
                        - e-card  **
                        - Update next of kin 
                        - Accomplishments (successful savings made ) 
                        - privacy
                    Home:  - 
                            Account balance
                            Account Settings - 
                            current Plan and due date 
                            savings tracker 
                            awards and bonus 
                            transactions 
                            Widthraw
                            deposit
                    
                    bottom nav  Home :
                            Home 
                            Transactions 
                            account
                            more 








    Next:
    1. Research existings savings systems and sort for improvement
    2. Seek partnerships and better ways to retain customers 
    3. Always think security
    4. Hire more hands, get an office and customer care assistant
    5. Automtate reminders for savings 
    6. Offer specific budgetting for specific needs 
    7. Savings and progress tracker 
    8. Mobile App
    10. Whatsapp handle for flexible complaints and customer service
    11. Active email - replies in 30 mins 